1349967041
AddFieldsToPupil	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121011085058_add_fields_to_pupil.rb	class AddFieldsToPupil 
Application	C:/Sites/infoportal/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateFamilies	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010222244_create_families.rb	class CreateFamilies 
CreateGroups	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010204119_create_groups.rb	class CreateGroups 
CreateParents	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010204409_create_parents.rb	class CreateParents 
CreatePupils	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010203529_create_pupils.rb	class CreatePupils 
CreateSchools	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010202121_create_schools.rb	class CreateSchools 
Families	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121011095203_families.rb	class Families 
Family	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/models/family.rb	class Family 
FamilyTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/family_test.rb	class FamilyTest 
Group	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/models/group.rb	class Group 
GroupTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/group_test.rb	class GroupTest 
GroupsController	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	class GroupsController 
GroupsControllerTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/functional/groups_controller_test.rb	class GroupsControllerTest 
GroupsHelper	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/helpers/groups_helper.rb	module GroupsHelper
GroupsHelperTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/helpers/groups_helper_test.rb	class GroupsHelperTest 
Infoportal	C:/Sites/infoportal/config/application.rb	module Infoportal
Parent	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/models/parent.rb	class Parent 
ParentPupil	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010210949_parent_pupil.rb	class ParentPupil 
ParentTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/parent_test.rb	class ParentTest 
ParentsController	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	class ParentsController 
ParentsControllerTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/functional/parents_controller_test.rb	class ParentsControllerTest 
ParentsHelper	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/helpers/parents_helper.rb	module ParentsHelper
ParentsHelperTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/helpers/parents_helper_test.rb	class ParentsHelperTest 
Pupil	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/models/pupil.rb	class Pupil 
PupilTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/pupil_test.rb	class PupilTest 
PupilsController	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	class PupilsController 
PupilsControllerTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/functional/pupils_controller_test.rb	class PupilsControllerTest 
PupilsHelper	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/helpers/pupils_helper.rb	module PupilsHelper
PupilsHelperTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/helpers/pupils_helper_test.rb	class PupilsHelperTest 
School	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/models/school.rb	class School 
SchoolTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/school_test.rb	class SchoolTest 
SchoolsController	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	class SchoolsController 
SchoolsControllerTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/functional/schools_controller_test.rb	class SchoolsControllerTest 
SchoolsHelper	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/helpers/schools_helper.rb	module SchoolsHelper
SchoolsHelperTest	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/unit/helpers/schools_helper_test.rb	class SchoolsHelperTest 
TestCase	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010202121_create_schools.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010203529_create_pupils.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010204409_create_parents.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010204119_create_groups.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010222244_create_families.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121011085058_add_fields_to_pupil.rb	  def change
create	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010210949_parent_pupil.rb	  def down
down	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121011095203_families.rb	  def down
edit	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	  def edit
index	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	  def index
isfamily?	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/models/parent.rb	  def isfamily?(pupil)
makefamily!	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/models/parent.rb	  def makefamily!(pupil)
new	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	  def new
show	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	C:/Sites/infoportal/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121010210949_parent_pupil.rb	  def up
up	C:/Sites/infoportal/db/migrate/20121011095203_families.rb	  def up
update	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/schools_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/parents_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Sites/infoportal/app/controllers/pupils_controller.rb	  def update
